Doxysummary
===========

Doxysummary is a Sphinx extension for creating autosummary with entries from
xml files generated by Doxygen.


Installation
------------

To install doxysummary:

```console
$ pip install .
```


Usage
-----

In `conf.py`, add `sphinx_doxysummary` to the list of extensions, and set the
config variable `doxygen_xml` to the list of locations of xml files:

```Python
extensions = [...
    'sphinx_doxysummary',
    ...
]

doxygen_xml = ['./xml']  # each directory corresponds to one Doxygen project
```

Then in the input rst file, add the following directive:

```reStructuredText
.. doxysummary::
   :toctree: generated
   :template: cppclass.rst

   spam::Foo
   Bar
```

Options
-------

The directive `doxysummary` takes into account these following options:

- `:template:` (optional) : name of the template. The template renderer will
firstly search for template file in the Sphinx source directory, then in
the Sphinx config variable `templates_path`, and finally in `doxysummary`
template folder. By default, the template is `cppbase.rst`.

- `:toctree:` (optional) : directory (with respect to the input rst file) in
which rst files for each items in the content of the directive are generated.
By default, these files are created in the same directory as the input file.

- `:scope:` (optional) : current scope (namespace, class, enum, etc) of the
items. This feature help shortening the name of the items in the content of
`doxysummary`.

    In this example, `Cherry` and `Orange` are interpreted as same as
    `fruit::Cherry` and `fruit::Orange`.
    ```reStructuredText
    .. doxysummary::
       :toctree: generated
       :template: cppclass.rst
       :scope: fruit

       Cherry
       Orange
    ```

From version 1.2.0, user can customize the displayed name of the item in the
autosummary table with aliasing:
```reStructuredText
.. doxysummary::
   :toctree: generated
   :template: cppclass.rst

   fruit::Cherry "CppCherry"
   fruit::Orange "CppOrange"
```

**Note**: Alias shouldn't have any space inside.

New in version 2.2.0: function overloading is officially supported.
```reStructuredText
.. doxysummary::
   :toctree: generated

   func_overload()
   func_overload(int a) "func_overload(int)"
   func_overload(char,char)
   func_overload(std::vector<double>)
